make an app: ng new 'appName'

open proj from terminal in VS code (when in proj folder): code .

Load app into a web server (when in proj folder): ng serve 'appName'

Angular folder structure:
e2e: Where 'end to end' automated tests are written for application.
node_modules: Where all 3rd party, app dependent libraries are stored. 
src: where app souce code is stored. 'Modules' and 'components'.
	assets: Where the apps static assessts are stored (eg img files).
	environments: Where configuration settings for different environments are stored.
	favicon.ico: 'favourate icon' broswer icon
	index.html: File which contains the angular application. No references to stylesheets etc as they're dynamically inserted.
	main.ts: (typescript file) The starting point of the application. This file 'bootstraps' the main module of the application. Angular then loads this bootstrapped module, and everything else follows from there.
	karma.conf.js: Configuration file for 'Karma', a test runner for javascript code.
	polyfills.ts: imports some scripts required for running angular. Angular framework uses features of javascript not avaliable by most versions of javascript supported in browsers. This file provides said features.
	styles.css: Where the 'global' styles for the application are added.
	test.ts: Used for setting up our testing environment. (not important for now :D)
editorconfig: Stores the settings being used in the application (usefull for teamwork)
.gitignore: For excluding certain files and folders from Git repos.
package.json: States the 'dependencies', the libraries that the application is dependent upon to run. And the 'devDependencies', the libraries needed to develop the application. (eg a reference to angular CLI) ++++IMPORTANT FILE++++
tsconfig.json: Contains the typescript settings that the typescript compiler uses to compile the typescript code into javascript that browsers can understand.
tslint.json: Contains a number of settings for 'tslint', a static analysis tool for typescript code, which checks the code for readablility, maintainability and functionality errors. 








